I have successfully implemented the core architecture and features of the AI-Driven Forex Trading, Social, and Robot-Generation Platform.

The platform is now ready for deep integration with your MT5 terminal and for the user to start training ML models.

🚀 Key Features Implemented
1. Backend Infrastructure (Django + MongoDB)
Database: Integrated MongoDB using djongo, with schemas for Profiles, TradingAccounts, Robots, Posts, Comments, ChatGroups, and Messages.
API Engine: Built a complete REST API using Django REST Framework (DRF) covering:
Trading: MT5 account synchronization and order placement.
Robots: Automated backtesting and MQL5 code generation.
Social: Twitter-style feed with likes, comments, and group chats.
Analytics: Historical market data fetching and app visit tracking.
2. Trading & AI Core
MT5 Connector: A robust Python implementation to communicate with MetaTrader 5 for live account data and trade execution.
Indicator Engine: Custom technical analysis engine supporting SMA, EMA, RSI, MACD, Bollinger Bands, and ATR.
Backtester: A simulation engine to test indicator-based strategies against historical data.
MQL5 Generator: Programmatic generation of fully functional .mq5 Expert Advisor code based on user-defined strategies.
Machine Learning: Initial RNN (LSTM) model architecture using TensorFlow/Keras for future price movement prediction.
3. Frontend Experience (React + Vite)
Premium Design: A high-end Dark Mode UI built with shadcn/ui aesthetics, featuring glassmorphism, smooth transitions, and custom charts.
Component System: Centralized layout with a persistent sidebar and responsive navigation.
Feature Pages:
Social Feed: Engage with the community and market updates.
Trades Marketplace: Discover and follow top-performing robots.
Robot Wizard: A multi-step configurator to build and backtest strategies.
Trading Dashboard: Real-time MT5 account monitoring and active trade logs.
Global Chat: Channels and private group chats for trader interaction.
🛠️ Next Steps for You
Configure MT5: Update the 
.env
 file in the backend/ directory with your MT5 Login, Password, and Server details.
Setup MongoDB: Ensure you have a MongoDB instance running (default: mongodb://localhost:27017/traderobots).
Run the Project:
Backend: python manage.py runserver
Frontend: npm run dev
Deploy EAs: Use the "Export MQL5" feature to generate robot code and compile it directly in your MT5 terminal.
The project structure is clean, the frontend is production-built, and the backend is ready for deployment. Just tell me if you'd like to dive deeper into any specific module!

Good
Bad
Review Changes



Add context
Images
Mentions
Workflows

Conversation mode
Planning
Agent can plan before executing tasks. Use for deep research, complex tasks, or collaborative work
Fast
Agent will execute tasks directly. Use for simple tasks that can be completed faster

Gemini 3 Flash

Model







You can upgrade to a Google AI plan to receive higher rate limits.
View plans




cd backend
python manage.py runserver

cd frontend
npm run dev

cd frontend
node api-tests/run-all.js